{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red1\green32\blue135;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c20000\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19240\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa288\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IFL 2022\uc0\u8232 Frederiksberg Campus of Faculty of Science, UCPH, Copenhagen\uc0\u8232 August 31s-September 2nd, 2022\
Early registration deadline: August 15th AoE \
See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ifl22.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://ifl22.github.io/}} for more information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs23\fsmilli11700 \cf0 CALL FOR PARTICIPATION:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 \
The 34th Symposium on Implementation and Application of Functional Languages (IFL 2022)\
Copenhagen, August 31st-September 2nd, 2022\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
Important dates\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 Submission deadline of draft papers \'a0 August 8th, 2022 (EXPIRED)\
Notification of acceptance \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0August 9th, 2022 (EXPIRED)\
Early registration deadline \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 August 15th, 2022 (AoE)\
Late registration deadline \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0August 31st, 2022, 12:59 CET (UTC+2)\
IFL Symposium \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 August 31st - September 2nd, 2022 (We-Fr)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Scope\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 \
The goal of IFL is to bring together researchers and developers actively engaged in the implementation and application of functional programming languages and function-oriented programming. IFL 2022 is held in beautiful Copenhagen, Denmark and is a venue for researchers to present and discuss new ideas and concepts, work in progress, and publication-ripe results related to the implementation and application of functional programming languages and function-oriented programming.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Invited speakers\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 \
IFL 2022 is pleased to announce keynote talks by the following three invited speakers:\
\
* Peter Sestoft, Professor, Head of Department, IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark: "Abstract machines and functional language implementation"\
\
* Lennart Augustsson, Principal Programmer, Epic Games: "Verse - a new functional-logic language"\
\
* Thomas Gazagnaire, Chief Technology Officer and co-founder, Tarides: "Talk title to be announced"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Venue and registration\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 \
The symposium will be held physically on the Frederiksberg Campus of the Faculty of Science at the University of Copenhagen. Days 1 and 2 (August 31st and September 1st) will be in meeting room A2-84.01 at Thorvaldsensvej 40. Day 3 (September 2nd) will be in the Celebration Auditorium at B\'fclowsvej 17. \
\
For registration and fees, please consult the symposium web site at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ifl22.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt https://ifl22.github.io/}}. Please notice that the early registration date is August 15, 2022 (AoE).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Accepted papers
\f2\b0 \
\
* Asynchronous Shared Data Sources. Mart Lubbers, Haye B\'f6hm, Pieter Koopman and Rinus Plasmeijer.\
\
* Heuristics-based Type Error Diagnosis for Haskell: the case of type families. Niels Kwadijk and Jurriaan Hage.\
\
* Verified Technology Mapping in an Agda DSL for Circuit Design. Jo\'e3o Paulo Pizani Flor and Wouter Swierstra.\
\
* Creating Interactive Visualizations of TopHat Programs. Mark Gerarts, Marc de Hoog, Nico Naus and Tim Steenvoorden.\
\
* An SQL Frontend on top of OCaml for Data Analysis. Yan Dong, Yahui Song and Wei-Ngan Chin.\
\
* A Structure Editor with Type-Safe Copy/Paste. Hans H\'fcttel, Christoffer Lind Andersen, Nana Gjerulf Sandberg, Anja Elisasen Lumholtz Nielsen and Peter Mikkelsen.\
\
* How to fold and color a map: Comparing Use-Cases of Tree-Fold vs Fold-Left. Jim Newton.\
\
* Compiling a functional array language with non-semantic memory information. Philip Munksgaard, Cosmin Oancea and Troels Henriksen.\
\
* Systems of partial values and their applications in Haskell. Natasha England-Elbro.\
\
* First-Class Data Types in Shallow Embedded Domain-Specific Languages using Metaprogramming. Mart Lubbers, Pieter Koopman and Rinus Plasmeijer.\
\
* Set-theoretic Types for Erlang. Albert Schimpf, Stefan Wehr and Annette Bieniusa.\
\
* Strongly-Typed Multi-View Stack-Based Computations. Pieter Koopman and Mart Lubbers.\
\
* Ztrategic: Strategic Programming with Zippers. Jos\'e9 Nuno Macedo, Emanuel Rodrigues, Marcos Viera and Jo\'e3o Saraiva.\
\
* Higher-ranked region inference for polymorphic, lazy languages. Ivo Gabe de Wolff and Jurriaan Hage.\
\
* Jeopardy: An invertible functional programming language. Joachim Kristensen, Robin Kaarsgaard and Michael Kirkedal Thomsen.\
\
* The Foil: Capture-Avoiding Substitution With No Sharp Edges. Dougal Maclaurin, Alexey Radul and Adam Paszke.\
\
* Verified Causal Broadcast with Liquid Haskell. Patrick Redmond, Gan Shen, Niki Vazou and Lindsey Kuper.\
\
* Towards Inversion of Tail-recursive Term Rewriting Systems. Maria Bendix Mikkelsen, Robert Gl\'fcck and Maja Hanne Kirkeby.\
\
* A Confluence and Termination Checker for Haskell Rewrite Rules. Makoto Hamana.\
\
* On Generating Out-Of-Core GPU Code for Multi-Dimensional Array Operations. Patrick van Beurden and Sven-Bodo Scholz.\
\
* Compiling Haskell for Energy Efficiency: Analysis of Individual Transformations. Bernardo Santos, Jo\'e3o Fernandes, Maja Kirkeby and Alberto Pardo.\
\

\f1\b Post-symposium peer review 
\f2\b0 \
\
Following IFL tradition, IFL 2022 will use a post-symposium review process to produce the formal proceedings.\
\
Before the symposium authors submit draft papers. These draft papers have been screened by the program chair to make sure that they are within the scope of IFL. The draft papers will be made available to all participants at the symposium. Each draft paper is presented by one of the authors at the symposium. Notice that it is a requirement that draft papers that are accepted for presentation be presented physically at the symposium.\
\
After the symposium the authors are invited to submit a full paper, incorporating feedback from discussions at the symposium. Work submitted to IFL may not be simultaneously submitted to other venues; submissions must adhere to ACM SIGPLAN's republication policy. The program committee will evaluate these submissions according to their correctness, novelty, originality, relevance, significance, and clarity, and will thereby determine whether the paper will be accepted or rejected for the formal proceedings. Papers that are accepted for the formal proceedings are published in the International Conference Proceedings Series of the ACM Digital Library, as in previous years.\
\

\f1\b Peter Landin Prize
\f2\b0 \
\
The Peter Landin Prize is awarded to the best paper presented at the symposium every year. The honored article is selected by the program committee based on the submissions received for the formal review process. The prize carries a cash award equivalent to 150 Euros.\
\

\f1\b Sponsors\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 IFL 2022 is financially supported by \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Meta (Silver sponsor), \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Well-typed (Bronze sponsor), \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Funktionelle K\'f8benhavnere (Bronze sponsor), and\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
University of Copenhagen (administrative support, host).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
Organisation\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 General chair \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Fritz Henglein, University of Copenhagen\
Program chair \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Martin Elsman, University of Copenhagen\
Communications chair \'a0Troels Henriksen, University of Copenhagen\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
Program committee\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 Laura M. Castro \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Universidade da Coru\'f1a, Spain\
David Christiansen \'a0 \'a0Haskell Foundation\
Martin Elsman \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 University of Copenhagen, Denmark (chair)\
Matthew Fluet \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Rochester Institute of Technology, USA\
Clemens Grelck \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Universiteit van Amsterdam, The Netherlands\
Zhenjiang Hu \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Peking University, China\
Robin Kaarsgaard \'a0 \'a0 \'a0University of Edinburgh, Scotland\
Gabriele Keller \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Utrecht University, The Netherlands\
Oleg Kiselyov \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Tohoku University, Japan\
Neil Mitchell \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Facebook\
Stefan Monnier \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Universite de Montreal, Canada\
Magnus Myreen \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Chalmers University, Sweden\
Cyrus Omar \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0University of Michigan, USA\
Romain P\'e9choux \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0University of Lorraine, Inria, France\
Rinus Plasmeijer \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Radboud University, The Netherlands\
Morten Rhiger \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Roskilde University, Denmark\
Peter van Roy \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Catholic University of Louvain, Belgium\
Olin Shivers \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Northeastern University, USA\
Peter Thiemann \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0University of Freiburg, Germany\
Marcos Viera \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Universidad de la Rep\'fablica, Uruguay\
Meng Wang \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 University of Bristol, UK\
\
}